{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2 Consolas;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1 \'01\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers ;}\li720\fi-360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1 \'01\uc1\u9675\'3F;}{\levelnumbers ;}\li1440\fi-360}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2 \'01\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers ;}\li720\fi-360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2 \'01\uc1\u9675\'3F;}{\levelnumbers ;}\li1440\fi-360}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Taking Action}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Confronting threats requires sacrifice. Champions may channel their magical reserves, build a dice pool based on their physical abilities, or a combination of the two. Overcoming a threat requires a number of strikes equal to or greater than the intensity of the threat (as defined by the wave). }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi0\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Describe what you intend to accomplish.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Expending Magical Power}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9675\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For each point of magical energy spent add a layer of detail on the action. Each point spent results in a strike. Magic can be used to do just about anything, but it cannot reverse entropy.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi0\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dice pool}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9675\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For each trait group select a trait if any are relevant, add a layer of detail to your action based on the trait.}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Expending magical power can be used to add additional dice, one for one with accompanying description. Note that magic spent on dice for the pool do not result in automatic strikes.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Other champions can assist by expending magical power to add more dice, one for one with accompanying description.}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9675\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Roll the dice.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9675\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Each die showing a 4 or higher is a strike.}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If total number of strikes is less than threat\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s intensity, take stress equal to the difference}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 The Wager}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Whenever dice are rolled a champion may wager magical power, in essence trying to use their power to salvage unclaimed magical energy lingering in the world. The player selects which numbers to bet on, and an amount of points of power to wager. If any of the dice show the number bet on the player claims power equal to the number of dice showing the number times their wager. A wager of 2 on 5 with a dice result of 1, 5, 5, 5 would pay out 6 points of power.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Aid Another Champion}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If your champion is working with the spotlight champion, you can expending magical power to grant them additional dice. For each point of power spent, give them another die. Be sure to describe how your champion is assisting with each point of power spent.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Stress, Death, and Rebirth}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All stress is removed at the end of each wave. In the event that a champion\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s stress reaches 4 they die. At the beginning of the next round the champion is recreated as they were the moment they originally swore their oath.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Burning Out}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Provided a champion has at least 1 point of magic power they can die and be reborn forever. The moment they run out of magical power their corporeal form disintegrates, blowing away like dust on the wind. At this point, if the player had any remaining events they are transferred to another surviving champion. If no champions remain, proceed to the epilogue.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Tokens of Fate}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Normally, dice must roll 4 or higher to be considered a strike. A token of fate can change the required outcome in one of two ways. The first way lowers the floor, requiring dice only roll a 3 to be a strike. The alternative is to raise the floor where dice will need to roll a 5 to be considered a strike, however you will double the number of dice you would normally roll. Multiple tokens can be used, and their effects combined.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Resolving Questions}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Champions each have a set of questions that drive them. A question can only be resolved when your champion is the spotlight, so make sure to frame your scenes carefully. Every time a question of your champion is resolved you receive a token of fate.}}