{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1 \'01\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers ;}\li720\fi-360}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2 \'01\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers ;}\li720\fi-360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2 \'01\uc1\u9675\'3F;}{\levelnumbers ;}\li1440\fi-360}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26 Certain key presumptions about Magic (original post): }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs26 Anyone can become a spellcaster given the correct training.  This is not necessarily known to all should the knowledge be suppressed.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs26 Interaction with the afterlife is very possible, including speaking with the departed and resurrection (by the most skilled magi).  No information about the afterlife is revealed through these methods(the consciousness does not seem to experience anything while dead).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs26 Spells require ingredients, not necessarily valuable except as spell ingredients.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs26 Scientific progress is retarded due to a focus by the learned on magical development.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs26 Magic cannot overcome old age.}
\par\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1 Principles of Magic:}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-720\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs26 Anyone has the potential to become a spell caster given a sufficient amount of determination and the correct training.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs26 Entropy cannot be reversed, but the past can be mimicked}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9675\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs26 Interaction with the dead is possible, or rather, you can reconstruct the knowledge of dead individuals}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9675\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs26 While aging cannot be reversed a form of immortality is possible, where snapshots of an individual are taken, and upon death that snapshot is recreated}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f1\fs26 Science and magic become indistinguishable}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26
\par\plain \f1\fs26}